Algebraic Geometry: $D$-local algebraic fundamental groups of germs of normal complex  analytic singularities:
 In this paper, the notion of local algebraic fundamental groups of normal
complex analytic singularities are generalized to certain profinite groups
called $D$-local algebraic fundamental groups which turns out to be useful even
for the study of usual local algebraic fundamental groups and the Lefshetz type
theorem for $D$-local algebraic fundamental groups is proved under certain
conditions. The theorem yields, for example, the finiteness of the local
algebraic fundamental groups of a certain class of four dimensional
singularities and will be useful for the classification of three dimensional
purely log terminal singularities.
 
Algebraic Geometry: $F$-injectivity and Frobenius closure of ideals in Noetherian rings of  characteristic $p>0$:
 The main aim of this article is to study the relation between $F$-injective
singularity and the Frobenius closure of parameter ideals in Noetherian rings
of positive characteristic. The paper consists of the following themes,
including many other topics. We prove that if every parameter ideal of a
Noetherian local ring of prime characteristic $p>0$ is Frobenius closed, then
it is $F$-injective. We prove a necessary and sufficient condition for the
injectivity of the Frobenius action on $H^i_{\fm}(R)$ for all $i \le
f_{\fm}(R)$, where $f_{\fm}(R)$ is the finiteness dimension of $R$. As
applications, we prove the following results. (a) If the ring is $F$-injective,
then every ideal generated by a filter regular sequence, whose length is equal
to the finiteness dimension of the ring, is Frobenius closed. It is a
generalization of a recent result of Ma and which is stated for generalized
Cohen-Macaulay local rings. (b) Let $(R,\fm,k)$ be a generalized Cohen-Macaulay
ring of characteristic $p>0$. If the Frobenius action is injective on the local
cohomology $H_{\fm}^i(R)$ for all $i < \dim R$, then $R$ is Buchsbaum. This
gives an answer to a question of Takagi. We consider the problem when the union
of two $F$-injective closed subschemes of a Noetherian $\mathbb{F}_p$-scheme is
$F$-injective. Using this idea, we construct an $F$-injective local ring $R$
such that $R$ has a parameter ideal that is not Frobenius closed. This result
adds a new member to the family of $F$-singularities. We give the first
ideal-theoretic characterization of $F$-injectivity in terms the Frobenius
closure and the limit closure. We also give an answer to the question about
when the Frobenius action on the top local cohomology is injective.
 
Algebraic Geometry: $G$-Frobenius Manifolds:
 The goal of this paper is to introduce the notion of $G$-Frobenius manifolds
for any finite group $G$. This work is motivated by the fact that any
$G$-Frobenius algebra yields an ordinary Frobenius algebra by taking its
$G$-invariants. We generalize this on the level of Frobenius manifolds.
To define a $G$-Frobenius manifold as a braided-commutative generalization of
the ordinary commutative Frobenius manifold, we develop the theory of
$G$-braided spaces. These are defined as $G$-graded $G$-modules with certain
braided-commutative "rings of functions", generalizing the commutative rings of
power series on ordinary vector spaces.
As the genus zero part of any ordinary cohomological field theory of
Kontsevich-Manin contains a Frobenius manifold, we show that any
$G$-cohomological field theory defined by Jarvis-Kaufmann-Kimura contains a
$G$-Frobenius manifold up to a rescaling of its metric.
Finally, we specialize to the case of $G = \mathbb{Z}/2\mathbb{Z}$ and prove
the structure theorem for (pre-)$\mathbb{Z}/2\mathbb{Z}$-Frobenius manifolds.
We also construct an example of a $\mathbb{Z}/2\mathbb{Z}$-Frobenius manifold
using this theorem, that arises in singularity theory in the hypothetical
context of orbifolding.
 
Algebraic Geometry: $J$-invariant of hermitian forms over quadratic extensions:
 We develop the version of the $J$-invariant for hermitian forms over
quadratic extensions in a similar way Alexander Vishik did it for quadratic
forms. This discrete invariant contains informations about rationality of
algebraic cycles on the maximal unitary grassmannian associated with a hermitan
form over a quadratic extension. The computation of the canonical $2$-dimension
of this grassmannian in terms of the $J$-invariant is provided, as well as a
complete motivic decomposition.
 
Algebraic Geometry: $L^2$-sheaves of holomorphic functions and $n$-forms on complex spaces  with isolated singularities:
 Let $X$ be a Hermitian complex space of pure dimension $n$ with isolated
singularities. In the present paper, we give a natural resolution for the
canonical sheaf of square-integrable holomorphic $n$-forms with Dirichlet
boundary condition on $X$. As application, we obtain an explicit smooth model
for the $L^2$-$\bar{\partial}$-cohomology, including natural resolutions for
sheaves of $\bar{\partial}$-closed (holomorphic) $L^2$-functions.
 
Algebraic Geometry: $\mathbb{A}^1$ curves on log K3 surfaces:
 In this paper, we study $\mathbb{A}^1$ curves on log K3 surfaces. We classify
all genuine log K3 surfaces of type II which admits countably infinite
$\mathbb{A}^1$ curves.
 
Algebraic Geometry: $\mathbb{F}_p$-expressible subalgebras and orbits of  $\mathbb{E}(r,\mathfrak{g})$:
 For $G$ a connected, reductive group over an algebraically closed field $k$
of large characteristic, we use the canonical Springer isomorphism between the
nilpotent variety of $\mathfrak{g}:=\mathrm{Lie}(G)$ and the unipotent variety
of $G$ to study the projective variety of elementary subalgebras of rank $r$,
denoted $\mathbb{E}(r,\mathfrak{g})$. In the case that $G$ is defined over
$\mathbb{F}_p$, we define the category of $\mathbb{F}_p$-expressible
subalgebras of $\mathfrak{g}$, and prove that this category is isomorphic to
Quillen's category of elementary abelian subgroups of the finite Chevalley
group $G(\mathbb{F}_p)$. This isomorphism of categories leads to a
correspondence between $G$-orbits of $\mathbb{E}(r,\mathfrak{g})$ defined over
$\mathbb{F}_p$ and $G$-conjugacy classes of elementary abelian subgroups of
rank $r$ in $G(\mathbb{F}_p)$. We use Magma to compute examples for
$G=\mathrm{GL}_n$, $n\le 5$.
 
Algebraic Geometry: $\mathbb{K}$-uniruled sets in affine geometry:
 The main goal of this thesis is to study $\mathbb{K}$-uniruled sets that
appear in affine geometry. At the beginning we discuss the property of
$\mathbb{K}$-uniruledness and its equivalent conditions. Then we bound from
above the degree of $\mathbb{K}$-uniruledness of the non-properness set of a
polynomial map in terms of its degree and degree of $\mathbb{K}$-uniruledness
of the domain variety. At the end we show that some sets associated with the
set of fixed points of an algebraic group action are $\mathbb{K}$-uniruled.